# Avatar: The Last Airbender

*Water. Earth. Fire. Air.*

*Long ago the four nations lived together in harmony. Then everything changed when the fire nation attacked. Only the Avatar, master of four elements can stop them. But when the world needed him most he vanished. A hundred years past and my brother and I discovered the new Avatar, an airbender named Aang. And although his airbending skills are great, He has a lot to learn before he's ready to save anyone. But I believe, Aang can save the world.*

## About

The world is divided into four nations -- the Water Tribe, the Earth Kingdom, the Fire Nation and and the Air Nomads -- each represented by a natural element for which the nation is named. Benders have the ability to control and manipulate the element from their nation. Only the Avatar is the master of all four elements. The ruthless Fire Nation wants to conquer the world but the only bender who has enough power, the Avatar, has disappeared ... until now. His tribe soon discovers that Aang is the long-lost Avatar. Now Katara and Sokka must safeguard Aang on his journey to master all four elements and save the world from the Fire Nation.

## Characters

1. **Aang** - He is an incarnation of the "Avatar", the spirit of light and peace manifested in human form. As the Avatar, Aang controls all four elements (water, earth, fire, and air) and is tasked with bringing balance and keeping the Four Nations at peace. At 112 years old (physically 12), Aang is the series' reluctant hero, spending a century in suspended animation in an iceberg before being discovered and joining new friends Katara and Sokka on a quest to master the elements and save their world from the imperialist Fire Nation.
2. **Katara** - Katara is a 14-year-old "waterbender", meaning that she has the ability to telekinetically control water and ice. At the beginning of the story, she is the only person with such abilities in the Southern Water Tribe, one of three known communities in which waterbending is practiced. She and her older brother, Sokka, discover an "airbender" (one who can telekinetically control and manipulate air) named Aang frozen in an iceberg. They free him and accompany him on his quest to defeat the imperialistic Fire Nation and bring peace to the war-torn world.
3. **Sokka** - In the original series, fifteen-year-old Sokka is a warrior of the Southern Water Tribe, a nation where some people are able to telekinetically manipulate, or "bend", water. He, along with his younger sister Katara, discovers an Airbender named Aang, the long-lost Avatar, and accompanies him to defeat the imperialistic Fire Nation and bring peace to the war-torn nations. Unlike his companions, Sokka is a non-bender, but as the show progresses he masters swordplay and proves himself to be a worthy strategist. Being a non-bender, Sokka uses different weapons such as his boomerang and machete; and eventually a jian sword to combat enemies.
4. **Toph** - Toph is recognized as a prodigy of earthbending, which is the ability to telekinetically manipulate, reshape and control stone, sand, dirt, and, later, metal. Because she was born blind, and her parents believed that her condition limited her capacity to learn and use the skill safely, they had a tutor teach her only basic earthbending. She later learned more advanced earthbending secretly from the badgermoles (fictional blind creatures that naturally earthbend). She eventually becomes the first person to develop the ability to "bend" metal as well. Toph has been blind since birth, but from her observations of badgermoles, she had learned to locate objects and their movements by sensing their vibrations in the earth around her. She is introduced in the second season of Avatar, and travels with the protagonist Aang as his earthbending teacher. Toph is shown to have an abrasive, conceited and sometimes stubborn personality which leads to clashes with her peers.
5. **Zuko** - Zuko is the Crown Prince of the Fire Nation and a skilled firebender, meaning he has the ability to create and control fire. He is the eldest child of Fire Lord Ozai and the older brother of Princess Azula. Before the events of the series, Zuko is banished from the Fire Nation by his father and told he must capture the Avatar, a unique spiritually powerful individual who could threaten Ozai's plan for global conquest, in order to restore his honor and right to the throne. Zuko is accompanied and advised in his search by his uncle Iroh. At the beginning of the series, he is the primary antagonist, opposing Avatar Aang and his allies. Over time, however, Zuko loses faith in the Fire Nation's war, feels guilt for his crimes, and begins to sympathize with those the Fire Nation has oppressed. In the later part of the animated series, Zuko joins Aang, teaching him firebending, and fights to overthrow his father and restore peace. Zuko also comes to realize that Iroh has been more of a father to him than Ozai.
